# egg-detect
Egg-detector on arduino nano 33 ble

1. Generate an SSH key on windows device (generated by chatgpt)

  To generate an SSH key on Windows, you can use the Git Bash terminal, which is included in the Git software package. Follow these steps:

  Install Git on your Windows machine if it is not already installed. You can download Git from the official website: https://git-scm.com/downloads

  Open the Git Bash terminal by clicking the Windows Start button, typing "Git Bash" in the search bar, and selecting the Git Bash application.

  In the terminal, type the following command and press Enter:



  ssh-keygen -t rsa -b 4096 -C "your_email@example.com"
  Replace "your_email@example.com" with your actual email address.

  You will be prompted to enter a file name and a passphrase for your key. The default file name is id_rsa and the default passphrase is blank (you can     enter a passphrase for added security). Press Enter to accept the default values, or enter your own values.

  The SSH key pair will be generated and saved in the default directory: C:\Users\your_username.ssh. The key pair consists of two files: id_rsa (private    key) and id_rsa.pub (public key).

  Example SSH key, you will need to generate your own to use github:

  ssh-rsa              AAAAB3NzaC1yc2EAAAADAQABAAACAQCwI+HgF1YktljyBj0yJUDjsH0sDofBfgZry8aZwYSO4b4dD+N4a6b9U6zByi6SfS6p0CvOiGZ5W8VY0vpQLfL7VvBofrq5W8V5E5dj5rVKFvY+W0Tw2O42/aALh  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 example_email@example.com

  Note that the SSH key starts with "ssh-rsa" followed by a long string of characters. This is the public key part of the SSH key pair. You can copy this   entire line and paste it into your GitHub account's SSH settings. Make sure to replace "example_email@example.com" with your actual email address that   is associated with your GitHub account.
  
  An SSH key is used for authentication and secure communication between two parties over a network, such as between a client and a server. It is a pair   of cryptographic keys, consisting of a private key and a public key.
  
  
  
  
2. add the SSH key to your account:
  In the top right click on your account picture and select Settings, in settings select SSH and GPG keys, select Nes SSH key and name your device as the   SSH key is tied to your computer, select Authentication key and copy-paste your key in the Key window. 
  
3. Clone the master branch from egg-detect project
  in Git Bash terminal move to the driectory where you want to have your project stored by using the cd command. Example: cd C:\projects\
  To clone a Git repository from GitHub after you have added an SSH key on Windows, follow these steps:

  Open a Command Prompt window or a Git Bash terminal on your Windows machine.
  Navigate to the directory where you want to clone the repository.
  Go to the GitHub repository page you want to clone, and click on the green "Code" button.
  Make sure the SSH option is selected, then click the clipboard icon next to the SSH clone URL to copy the URL.
  In the Command Prompt or Git Bash terminal, type git clone followed by the copied SSH clone URL. For example:
 
  git clone git@github.com:username/repository.git
  
  Note: replace "username" with your GitHub username and "repository" with the name of the repository you want to clone.
  Press Enter to execute the command.
  Git should now clone the repository to your local machine using the SSH protocol. You may need to enter your GitHub account credentials the first time   you use Git with SSH, but afterwards Git should use your SSH key for authentication without requiring a password.

4. Create a new branch
  I recommend we each create a branch named after ourselves so we always know who commited changes to the master branch.
  To create a new Git branch on Windows, follow these steps:

  Open a Command Prompt window or a Git Bash terminal on your Windows machine.
  Navigate to the Git repository you want to create a new branch for using the cd command. For example, if your repository is located in       C:\projects\myrepository, type the following command:
  
  cd C:\projects\myrepository
  
  Make sure you are on the master branch by running the command git branch. The current branch should be highlighted with an asterisk (*).
  Create a new branch with the git branch command followed by the name of the new branch. For example, to create a new branch called your-name, type the following command:
  
  git branch your-name
  This will create a new branch called your-name based on the current branch you are on (which is master by default).
  Switch to the new branch with the git checkout command followed by the name of the new branch. For example, to switch to the your-name branch, type the following command:
  
  git checkout will list all the available git branches.
  
  git checkout your-name
  This will switch your working directory to the your-name branch, allowing you to make changes to the codebase without affecting the master branch.
  You can now make changes to the codebase and commit them to the your-name branch using the usual Git commands, such as git add, git commit, and git push.
  Note that you can also create a new branch and switch to it in a single command by using the -b option with the git checkout command. For example, to create and switch to a new branch called new-feature in one step, type the following command:

  
  git checkout -b your-name
  
  
5. Commiting changes to master branch:
  
  git add 
  
  Use the git add command followed by the file name(s) or directory name(s) to add the changes to the staging area. For example, to add all changes in     the current directory and its subdirectories, type the following command:
  
  git add .
  
  git commit -m "short descirption of changes made to the master code"
  
  
  The first time you're pushing changes:
  git push --set-upstream origin your-name

  Next time:
  git push -origin your-name
  
  replace your-name with name of the git branch from which the changes to the master branch are originating.

